docs: Add "Retry Predicate Serialization" paragraph (#143)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-android-sdk: README.md

...
```

### Retry predicate serialization

Lambda may implicitly capture variables from its surrounding context.
For a lambda to be serializable, all the captured variables must be serializable as well.
Failing to meet this requirement can result in runtime errors when attempting to deserialize the lambda.

> The `retryPredicate` is part of `HCaptchaConfig` that may get persist during application lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `retryPredicate` is part of `HCaptchaConfig` that may be persisted during application lifecycle.
```
